docs/contributing.md, before:

# Contributing

Contributions are welcome, and they are greatly appreciated! Every
little bit helps, and credit will always be given.

You can contribute in many ways:

## Types of Contributions

### Report Bugs

Report bugs at https://github.com/cwoodall/flicker-light-node-hardware/issues.

If you are reporting a bug, please include:

* Your operating system name and version.
* Any details about your local setup that might be helpful in troubleshooting.
* Detailed steps to reproduce the bug.

### Fix Bugs

Look through the GitHub issues for bugs. Anything tagged with "bug"
is open to whoever wants to implement it.

### Implement Features

Look through the GitHub issues for features. Anything tagged with "feature"
is open to whoever wants to implement it.

### Write Documentation

Flicker Light Node Hardware could always use more documentation, whether as part of the
official Flicker Light Node Hardware docs or even on the web in blog posts,
articles, and such.

### Submit Feedback

The best way to send feedback is to file an issue at https://github.com/cwoodall/flicker-light-node-hardware/issues.

If you are proposing a feature:

* Explain in detail how it would work.
* Keep the scope as narrow as possible, to make it easier to implement.

### Get Started!

Ready to contribute? Here's how to set up `flicker-light-node-hardware` for local development.

1. Fork the `flicker-light-node-hardware` repo on GitHub.
2. Clone your fork locally:

        $ git clone git@github.com:your_name_here/flicker-light-node-hardware.git

3. Create a branch for local development:

        $ git checkout -b name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature

   Now you can make your changes locally.

4. Commit your changes and push your branch to GitHub:

        $ git add .
        $ git commit -m "Your detailed description of your changes."
        $ git push origin name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature

5. Submit a pull request through the GitHub website.

Commit message:

Renamed from flicker-light to flicker-lights

docs/contributing.md, after:

# Contributing

Contributions are welcome, and they are greatly appreciated! Every
little bit helps, and credit will always be given.

You can contribute in many ways:

## Types of Contributions

### Report Bugs

Report bugs at https://github.com/cwoodall/flighter-lights-node-hardware/issues.

If you are reporting a bug, please include:

* Your operating system name and version.
* Any details about your local setup that might be helpful in troubleshooting.
* Detailed steps to reproduce the bug.

### Fix Bugs

Look through the GitHub issues for bugs. Anything tagged with "bug"
is open to whoever wants to implement it.

### Implement Features

Look through the GitHub issues for features. Anything tagged with "feature"
is open to whoever wants to implement it.

### Write Documentation

Flicker Light Node Hardware could always use more documentation, whether as part of the
official Flicker Light Node Hardware docs or even on the web in blog posts,
articles, and such.

### Submit Feedback

The best way to send feedback is to file an issue at https://github.com/cwoodall/flighter-lights-node-hardware/issues.

If you are proposing a feature:

* Explain in detail how it would work.
* Keep the scope as narrow as possible, to make it easier to implement.

### Get Started!

Ready to contribute? Here's how to set up `flighter-lights-node-hardware` for local development.

1. Fork the `flighter-lights-node-hardware` repo on GitHub.
2. Clone your fork locally:

        $ git clone git@github.com:your_name_here/flighter-lights-node-hardware.git

3. Create a branch for local development:

        $ git checkout -b name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature

   Now you can make your changes locally.

4. Commit your changes and push your branch to GitHub:

        $ git add .
        $ git commit -m "Your detailed description of your changes."
        $ git push origin name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature

5. Submit a pull request through the GitHub website.
